now speaking of stupid human tricks I
get myself I just stepped into traffic
the other day and by the way just as
this story unfolds it's going to take
some time so I hope you're comfortable
at home think about what's happened here
in the last couple of days and if you
think you'd like to get yourself a talk
show we were as we often do making jokes
about people in the news and we made
some jokes about Sarah Palin and her
daughter the the 18 year old girl who is
her name is crystal Bristol that's rifle
palin and so then now they're upset with
me and let me read you how upset they
are because I didn't realize this tilde
home and keep in mind I can't really
defend these they're just they're just
jokes and and some some it's like with
everything and some jokes are fine some
jokes are not fine and you know of
course we make mistakes left and right
yeah but listen to how upset these
people are about the jokes and want to
talk when I say these people I mean a
governor Palin and her husband Todd this
is on their official website I got to
get me one of them websites the governor
spokes woman Meg Stapledon sent these
two statements the first from todd todd
as the the governor's husband garrison
in alaska and Todd says any jokes about
raping my fourteen-year-old are
despicable Alaskans know it and i
believe the rest of the world knows it
too yeah think about getting yourself a
talk show the next statement is actually
from the governor herself who by the way
is an absolutely lovely woman mhmmm no
you know that I think so too I would
love I would love to have her on the
show yeah I I think we can put these
differences behind would be yeah that's
the way to do it face-to-face yes the
next comment comes from the governor
Palin concerning Letterman's comments
about my young daughter and I doubt he'd
ever dare make such comments about
anyone else's daughter laughter incited
by sexually perverted comments made by a
62 year old male celebrity I am hardly a
celeb
I'm 62 yes
aimed at a fourteen-year-old girl is not
only disgusting but it reminds us some
Hollywood / New York entertainers have a
long way to go in understanding what the
rest of America understands that
acceptance of inappropriate sexual
comments about an underage girl who
could be anyone's daughter contributes
to the atrociously high rate of sexually
exploitation of minors by older men who
use and abuse others well I completely
agree with that absolutely completely
agree with that that's not what I did
here now are the jokes that they're
upset about
that you know this very well could be my
last show I don't know why we all find
that amusing haha ok this is the joke
now say it all happened because Sarah
Palin was visiting New York City and she
was in town with her daughter and her
husband Todd they were doing something
there to yankee game ok here's a joke
Sarah Palin was in New York this week
the hardest part of the trip was keeping
Eliot Spitzer away from her daughter now
that's I'm surprised we haven't heard
from eliot spitzer either i think i'm
not necessarily proud of these jokes I
mean we do stuff all the time and our
objective here is to get a laugh and
thank God you know we don't have to go
to the Hague before the World Court to
defend them it's a joke that's all it's
supposed to be that's what this is now
here's the other joke they're upset
about Sarah Palin went to a Yankees game
yesterday there was one awkward moment
during the seventh inning stretch her
daughter was knocked up by Alex
Rodriguez
Oh
I'm telling you I recognize these are
ugly yeah these are actually ugly these
these are borderline and but again in an
act of desperation to get cheap laughs
which is what I've been doing for the
last 30 years why didn't we hear from
Alex Rodriguez but now everything the
governor and Todd said I absolutely
agree with yes these are not jokes made
about her 14 year old daughter I would
never never make jokes about raping or
having sex of any description with a 14
year old girl I mean look at my record
it has never happened I don't think it's
funny I would never think it was funny I
wouldn't put it in a joke here's where
you draw the line yes maybe these are
questionable because the girl who
actually excuse me but was knocked up is
now 18 years old so the difference there
is 14 years old and of legal age ok now
I can't really defend the joke I agree
unpleasant ugly but I would never never
think that it was funny to to use a
fourteen-year-old girl as a joke like
this for god sakes now here's the other
joke they're upset about
top 10 this is a top 10 the category top
10 highlights of sarah palin's trip to
new york number 2 bought makeup at
bloomingdale's to update her
flight attendant look
the only thing I can say about this is I
kind of like that joke so it lets
summing up now and I'm going to ask
questions and then answer them we're the
jokes in question in questionable taste
of course they were course dude do I
regret having told them well I think
probably I do but you know what their
thousands of jokes I regret telling on
this program would I do anything to
advocate or contribute to underage
sexual abuse or misconduct absolutely
not not in a thousand years look at me
do I look like I'm trying to make
trouble well no oh no how you're right
alright so with that in mind governor
Palin if you're watching
I would like you to consider coming to
New York City you and Todd is my guests
or leave taught at home
love to have you on the show yeah the
exciting that's all right so there I i
hope i've cleared part of this up and my
guilty of poor taste yes did did I
suggest that it was okay for her 14 year
old daughter to be having promiscuous
sex no
you